For me the living quarters in the navy are outstanding. A lot of people
that join they think well it is my first place that I've been staying
you know. So like no matter what it is, they'll have a lot of complaints
but I realize, I grew up in Flint, Michigan you know, so the
fact that they gave me a nice clean bed with clean furniture and a
desk right there you know, and that's all they give, and a closet you
know. It looks like a tiny little hotel you know, like kind of a
cheap hotel, but for me that's you know and the fact that it's free
like really blew my mind away. So the other place that you can stay
at, for instance the Navy Gateway Inn, or the Navy lodge, they're some
of the highest quality hotels that you can find. For instance I was
in Hawaii a couple of years ago and I stayed at like this expensive
like $300 hotel, and it was nice you know there's a bed, king size
bed and you know. But then you stay at the Navy lodge down the street
and it's like a huge room with nice fans and there's like, the bedroom
has its own door. The bathroom is like you can swim in it, you
know you go outside and there's like three couches and there's like
TVs for every room, it's crazy. It has its own separate kitchen so
like they realize that you know the military people that are traveling
across the country, they need a nice place to stay. So it's some
of the best places that I've stayed at. Now the place that the military
provides for the sailors, it's very quaint. But those places that
you go on for vacation, or the places that the Admirals stay at,
or the places that you have to pay for that's not, that isn't for official
work, they're some of the nicest in America.